[SOUND EFFECTS]
>> Hi, I'm Sophie from
the House of Wellbeing.
In our "Women's Wellness Guided
Meditation and Hypnotheraypy"
series, you'll
find audios to help
you deal with all kinds
of different issues,
including falling pregnant,
managing pain, and having
a positive birth experience,
as well as coping
with a menopause,
period discomfort,
and premenstrual syndrome.
All of our audios are slightly
different to just meditation
alone because we use
powerful therapeutic tools,
including cognitive
behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and of course,
hypnotherapy.
And it's the combination of
all those tools put together.
That means that
our audios are so
powerful in getting rid of
any negative thinking patterns
and replacing them with
positive, empowering changes.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation.
And that state is
really familiar to you.
It's the same
state of relaxation
you go into as you fall asleep.
So it's a really natural
state to be into,
and it's really safe as well.
When you're in that
lovely relaxed state,
your brainwaves change into
the threat of brainwave state.
And that's important because it
means that any messaging will
bypass your conscious
mind and instead
go into your subconscious mind.
The reason we want to access
your subconscious mind
is because that's where your
permanent thoughts, beliefs,
habits, and memories live.
So by talking directly to
your subconscious mind,
we're able to make real changes.
We can reframe, rewire,
and retrain your mind
to eliminate any of those
negative thinking patterns
and instead replace with
empowering positive changes
once and for all.
We recommend that you listen to
our audios at least four times.
In that way, you're
able to override
any of those negative
thinking patterns
and really compound the
positivity again and again
and really make those changes.
And you'll be creating
new positive neural
pathways within your mind
each time you do that.
So it's really important.
You can listen to our audios
at any time of day or night.
But we suggest that
you listen to them
when you're not too tired.
Because if you fall into a
deep, deep state of sleep,
then your subconscious mind
just won't be listening.
So do make sure that you're
listening to our audios
when you're free from
any distractions.
Please don't listen to them when
you're actively doing anything
like driving or
operating machinery.
If there's an
emergency and you need
to come out of hypnosis
before we awaken you,
that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious
mind will allow you
and you'll easily
come out of hypnosis.
So it will be just like waking
up from a nap or from a sleep.
So have a good look
through the series.
And when you're ready,
click on any audio you think
is relevant to you.
Find a comfortable position
where you can relax
and let go, whether
it's a bed or a chair,
and close your eyes to begin.